Barriss him try come in on Panik coming
down this tree here
he's gonna bounce looking after his left
like a shot
we found out dossier
it's just silent free just a couple of
feet in front of me the most remarkable
bizarre little gremlin I've ever seen
it's kind of almost like a hodgepodge a
mix of other nocturnal animals those
huge eyes and the swiveling turning head
very much like you'd see in an owl great
big thin membranous ears and those sharp
teeth as you'd see on a Baptist but in
its own way it's even more effective
than either this is the consummate
killer of the night let's see if we can
see those incredible teeth in action he
spotted it straight away as I straight
onto it
[Music]
look it's just a meter above my head
it's getting ready to spring
yes oh that was awesome
and he's gonna settle down over there
somewhere munch his way through that
huge cricket wow that makes seem to be
completely disproportionately long to
the body and allow it to make massive
springs bouncing in between the trees
particularly if he's seen an insect he's
going to leap on you could easily bounce
three meters or so just about any tree
around here so it's really really
difficult for Johnny our cameraman try
try and keep him in a shot he's just the
most impossible little gremlin his ears
are just moving in every direction just
focusing the sound almost like a
satellite dish he spotted something you
kind of see something you can see his
ear focus on it and his head goes around
he sees it with his eyes and then boy
just bounces off and grabs it whoa
a pounce and a bite all in wanna mouth
full to bursting cheeks my bulging with
bush cricket they weigh about half as
much as he does though the majority
their die has made up of insects things
exactly like this Bush cricket they will
it comes down to it feed on mammals more
than themselves lizards frogs they're
not fussy
you